hey is it okay to come in of course
Oh Joey this ring I it's beautiful I
love it yeah uh look Rach there's
something I gotta tell you hey are you
ready to try narcing again I am hey why
do you think she won't take my breasts
it's all right honey
take some babies a while to get it but
don't worry it'll happen Joe's off you
can do it just open up and put it in
your mouth dear Lord I'm sorry honey
what were you saying uh uh yeah look I
think that Oh cuz look she's pulling
away again do you think my nipples are
too big for her mouth
you look scared doesn't she look scared
yeah you know I don't really know her
why don't we try massaging the breast to
stimulate the flow okay are you kidding
me
frustrating why doesn't she want my
breasts I don't know maybe she's crazy
hey wait up hi congratulations I didn't
want to say anything in front of Joey
cause I didn't know if he knew yet what
that we had a baby now let's give him a
little credit although he did eat a
piece of plastic fruit earlier no no
that you and Rachel are engaged what oh
it's a secret oh goody
yes oh we haven't done the secret thing
in a long time
Phoebe there is no secret okay I didn't
propose are you lying
is this like that time you tried to
convince us you were a doctor I am a
doctor
you know what I'm just gonna go and and
talk to Rachel myself all right I'll
meet you should we wait girl don't don't
come on let her sleep she's so exhausted
it's so engaged dump dump doll
Oh God
she she thinks were engaged why why why
would she think we're engaged perhaps
because you gave her an engagement ring
you know lost doctors are supposed to be
smart
I didn't give her that ring you didn't
know so whose ring is it it's mine
is it an engagement ring Jess but you
didn't give it to her no but you were
going to propose no huh
I might be losing interest in this look
look my mom gave me that ring because
she wanted me to propose to Rachel but
all I wanted to do is see if she may be
trying to wanted to start things up
again what beautiful lukewarm sentiment
look I didn't want to rush into anything
and it seemed like she didn't want to
either but I don't I don't understand
how how any of this happened what did
she find the ring in my jacket assumed I
was gonna propose throw it on and just
start telling people no no she said you
actually proposed to her well I didn't I
didn't propose unless her did it
I haven't slept in 40 hours and it does
sound like something I would do